Task 1 - I see tasks and gardens. A bit of confusion initially about whats going on. Seems to immediately understand the correlation between completing tasks and garden. “Sweet! I earned a flower by clicking a box” I feel like adding a search bar for tasks would be sweet. Also maybe the ability to sort (sort by due date, or by project). Maybe I really want to work on my research paper. Maybe a button that’s only show tasks that haven’t been done. Does the task list keep growing until you have a million tasks? Maybe make it a fixed box you can scroll in. Ran into issue with maximum number of rewards but otherwise clearly understood the check box to complete idea. Issue with clicking in different orders

Task 2 - Understood to look for projects and click on the project itself. Would like to have a dropdown to see whose assignments you’re looking at or sort by who is who. Would be nice to have users with progress bars to keep tabs on individual users. Sometimes tasks depend on later tasks so would be nice to have priority or depends on. Maybe has depends on (unfinished) and then a button to remind someone else. Does not understand whats going on with status. Seems lame and useless. Maybe make a dropdown for progress with a dropdown. If the progress is blocked, have a field for what needs to be done. Sprint method of software, assign tasks at beginning of each 2 weeks assign tasks and move quickly on those. Would prefer to see “my tasks” at top of tasks instead of all tasks in any order.

Task 3 - Clicked on home button before settings for logging out. People tend to take forever to decide on a password. Got an error about user not being in any groups. Making a project was very intuitive. When adding users confused why message says added item instead of added member. Members should automatically update instead of needing to refresh page. Also need to refresh the add new task for new members. Did not immediately choose to fill out notes section and asked why that was necessary. Otherwise very quickly figured out how to create task. Successfully created task with name space and notes space

Task 4 - change task. Quickly found how to edit the task and filled in necessary fields quickly “That’s very straightforward”. When going to edit the task, first scrolled to delete button when trying to confirm task instead of “edit task button”. Appears that delete task button does not work.

Can you assign tasks to multiple people? Either take out the status box or put a dropdown with options (in progress, blocked). What about making different project levels, there’s currently an owner, what if you want Alice to also be able to make tasks. Then it treats her as admin as well. Fix the buttons. Layout is good. Home is very intuitive. What does the percent complete represent? Add label to say progress. It’s very intuitive to use. “Very simple, very easy to understand what to do” Just make it work. Shouldn’t be able to create tasks without name or notes. Strip input before feeding in.
