Task 1: After being told to create an account, log in, and make a post, Mike first scrolled around the home page and noted that it didn't make sense to be able to make a journal before logging in. He clicked the login button and created an account easily. He had already scrolled over the plus to make a post so went right back, wrote his post and posted it "I just made a post nice."

Task 2: He did not hesitate to make a grocery list and seemed to fully understand what to do since the button was right in the front. "That was pretty simple, I like the journal and its easier to notice because its right in the center. It's very easy to make the journal." Liked being able to change the box size for the text box in case he wanted to write a longer title.

Task 3: Was able to remake another post without issues. When clicking on view contents, it took him to the login page instead of the contents of the journal. That said he clicked on the "view contents" of the journal he wanted to add to instead of view contents for self. Clicked on the "my journals". Apparently after refreshing the bug went away and he was able to see the contents of the grocery list. Did not know where to find the post immeadiately. He clicked on make new post as well. Eventually came to the conclusion that it was under "my contents". "that was actually quite intuitive". Had to click away from self journal to remember name of the grocery list journal that he wanted to add to.

Task 4: "That was pretty quick". after successully adding both users. That said, the text in the add user box did not automatically empty so he had to delete John before he could write Frank. When going to remove John, accidentally left an extra space after the username so it didn't work. Eventually figured it out and was able to remove John.

Task 5: Logging out was easy (Settings icon was intuitive) as well as logging back in. Had previously clicked on shared journals so did not have an issue clicking on it. "That probably would have taken me a minute if I wasn't looking for where to log out earlier". But remembered that the left icon was shared journals.

Overall: "Everything here was very intuitive especially the settings icon." Given some time believed a user could quickly learn to use the app. "Creating a journal 10/10". "Making a post was a little more challenging but in retrospect was very obvious." The bottom two buttons (my journals and shared journals) were a bit tough to figure out but make a lot of sense once you've used it.
