---
title: P6 - User Testing + Final Build
layout: doc
---

# Project Phase 6: User Testing & Final Release

## Links

You can find the Vercel deployment [here](https://plant-it-beta.vercel.app/) <br/>
You can find the Github repo [here](https://github.com/irisxyang/plant-it)<br/>
You can find the demo video [here](https://youtu.be/bBC5DqVrq60)<br/>

## User Testing

### User Test 1: Jack

[User Test 1 Unedited Notes](p6/usertest1)

#### Summary

Upon first opening the app, the user was somewhat confused about what was going on and what to expect. These issues could be easily mitigated by writing a small explanation of the app to be displayed before the user logs in. That said, once they figured it out, they appreciated the connection between flowers and rewards and seemed to get excited each time they earned a flower. There was some dissatisfaction with some of our design choices like the limited power users had vs. project managers and the inability to complete another user’s tasks. The process of making a task was very intuitive and the user completed it quickly. The test was plagued with a number of bugs like the delete task button not working and not being able to remove a user from a project which affected the user’s ability to test all functionality.

#### Takeaways

- Moderate issue, should include explanation of app on home page to set expectations for user
- Moderate issue, still need to polish out last few bugs
- Minor issue, could add more immediate feedback mechanisms (“Logging in” after submit is hit)
- Moderate issue, user enjoyed flower as reward for each task but wanted bigger reward when all tasks were completed so should implement larger reward

### User Test 2: Mike

[User Test 2 Unedited Notes](p6/usertest2)

#### Summary

The user for this test immediately understood the gist of the app with the relation between projects and gardens and flowers and tasks. The addition of flowers to incentivize finishing tasks clearly had the intended effect as the user got excited when the flower appeared “Sweet! I earned a flower by clicking a box”. Funnily, the user brought up a large number of features that we had over-optimistically included in our earlier planning like prioritization of tasks or ordering of dependent tasks on each other. Again, there were still some technical bugs on our end that prevented the user from testing a few functionalities. That said, the user had some feedback about how to present/accept input in certain ways, like having the completion check box be a drop down with options or allowing the notes field for each task to be allowed to be left blank.

#### Takeaways

- Moderate issue, the messages displayed on the screen were often confusing, so need to refine feedback messages
- Major issue, some error messages were completely uninterpretable.
- Minor issue, user didn’t understand some of the fields/inputs requirements, so could change their type (checkbox vs. drop down) or if they’re required

### User Test 3: Harry

[User Test 3 Unedited Notes](p6/usertest3)

#### Summary

Harry was very impressed that the app actually worked. He tried to “break” it for several minutes, and was unsuccessful for the most part. Harry really liked the visual aesthetic of the garden. He found himself yearning for even more functionality and customizability with respect to the plants and their features.

#### Takeaways

- Minor issue, the need to click on the garden in order to navigate to the project page was unintuitive so could add other clickable spots like the project title.
- Minor issue, the user was hoping to see more interactivity like a changing cursor depending on where he hovered so could add some cursor signaling or changes to the border color.
- Moderate issue, the home page felt a bit jarring at first, at least until more time was spent with the app. We should try to relax the design language.

## Design Revision

- **Reactiveness**: We made the app completely reactive because some functionality, such as adding or removing users, were not reactive and required a reload to show the new users of a project. Non-reactive functionality would confuse users into thinking that their actions didn’t work when they actually did so we updated all actions to be reactive to accurately represent user actions.<br/>
- **More Instructions**: We added more text to the app so that users that came across the app themselves could be able to figure out how to use the app by themselves. <br/>
- **Sorted Tasks**: We sorted tasks in the task table by ascending deadline with no deadline tasks at the end. This helped users much more quickly locate their tasks, especially the ones with sooner deadlines. <br/>
- **Clearing Forms**: We cleared the forms after a user creates a task or adds a member. This is to remove any confusion that the user may have in thinking that the change did not go through and also an improvement to convenience since using the forms consecutively no longer requires users to clear each input. <br/>
- **Project Progress Visualization**: We added a progress bar as well as the corresponding completion percentage text to the project view so that users can visualize their progress very easily and be able to determine how close they are to finishing their project. <br/>
- **Remove User Functionality**: We implemented removing users from a project for project managers, allowing project managers to have more control over their project and to remove unwanted members. <br/>
- **Cutting Features**: We initially planned to implement Depending to show what tasks depended on what, but we decided not to in the interest of time.<br/>
- **More Accurate Messages**: We fixed many bugs that would result in error messages on the app so that users can navigate through the app without constant error messages popping up.<br/>
- **Reward Status**: Changed so that if a task is unchecked, the reward is removed to allow for “accidental checks” and more flexibility.<br/>
- **Project Progress Percent**: Helps users visualize how complete a progress is.
  Remove User from Project: Functionality was not fully implemented yet but is essential to a project manager.<br/>
- **App Description on Home Page**: Good for new users + explaining the garden rewarding system.<br/>
- **Project Concept**: Did not think it made sense to scrape together different pieces of data from all of our other concepts so we centralized it in projects.
